Hahahahaha you
It's the temple owner
You are the temple owner
Then how dare I compete with you for the position of head of the Ye family?
I still dare to rob you of this big fight
President of the Chamber of Commerce?
You think I'm stupid
Are you smart, fool?
It seems that you are really messing up today.
You don't think I would believe that
Lord Shopkeeper
It's your little head king.
Yes, this child's mentality is twisted
It's exactly the virtue of a poor man
But you came to the wrong place
This is the Supreme Hall
It is the place where the temple is consecrated and worshiped
How many heads have you come here to make trouble?
The six commanders are about to enter
Gotta get rid of this kid first
Otherwise, we will be responsible.
If I can't handle this little thing well
I'm afraid it will really affect the temple
Impressions of our Hero Chamber of Commerce
Break me up
Grass kill yourself
Maybe I can spare a woman by your side
A cheap life
Summer worms are not compatible with ice
No matter how the loach in the pond struggles
It's hard after all
My sword is as fast as lightning
No one in the world has escaped this trick and died